EXT_mesh_features: Wording cleanup. (#42)
CesiumGS/glTF: extensions/2.0/Vendor/EXT_mesh_features/README.md

#### Overview

Data types and meanings of properties are provided by a schema, as defined in the [Cesium 3D Metadata Specification](https://github.com/CesiumGS/3d-tiles/blob/3d-tiles-next/specification/Metadata/) and summarized below.

#### Schema

*Defined in [schema.schema.json](./schema/schema.schema.json).*

> Top-level definitions for data type and structure. The schema provides a set of [classes](#class) and [enums](#enum) the asset can reference.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Top-level definitions for the structure and data types of properties. The schema provides a set of [classes](#class) and [enums](#enum) the asset can reference.
```

*Defined in [class.schema.json](./schema/class.schema.json).*

> Template for features. Classes provide a list of properties definitions. Every feature must be associated with a class, and the feature's properties must conform to the class's property definitions. Features whose properties conform to a class are considered instances of that class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Template for features. Classes provide a list of property definitions. Every feature must be associated with a class, and the feature's properties must conform to the class's property definitions. Features whose properties conform to a class are considered instances of that class.
```
